README.md, before:

# P2-MoonRun
A 2D platformer game by Logan Summers

This project is based on the requirements of my game programming class.

https://bsu-cs315.github.io/P2-MoonRun/

# Instructions For The Game
Use the "Left" and "Right" arrow keys to move left and right. Use the "Spacebar" to jump and the "Down" arrow to crouch.

## Project Report

- [ ] D-1: The repository link is submitted to Canvas before the project deadline.
- [X] D-2: The repository contains a <code>README.md</code> file in its top-level directory.
- [X] D-3: The project content is eligible for an <a href="https://www.esrb.org/ratings-guide/">ESRB Rating</a> of M or less.
- [X] C-1: Your repository is well-formed, with an appropriate <code>.gitignore</code> file and no unnecessary files tracked.
- [ ] C-2: Your release is tagged using <a href="https://semver.org/">semantic versioning</a> where the major version is zero, the minor version is the iteration number, and the patch version is incremented as usual for each change made to the minor version, and the release name matches the release tag.
- [X] C-3: You have a clear legal right to use all incorporated assets, and the licenses for all third-party assets are tracked in the <code>README.md</code> file.
- [X] C-4: The <code>README.md</code> contains instructions for how to play the game or such instructions are incorporated into the game itself.
- [X] C-5: The project content is eligible for an <a href="https://www.esrb.org/ratings-guide/">ESRB Rating</a> of T or less.
- [X] C-6: The game includes a player-controlled character, implemented as a <code>KinematicBody</code> and positioned in a conventional, <code>TileMap</code>-based, 2D-platforming world.
- [X] C-7: The player's character can move left and right, with its movement bounded by impassable tiles.
- [X] C-8: The player's character can jump up and onto tiles.
- [X] C-9: The player's character falls down when walking off a ledge.
- [ ] B-1: The <code>README.md</code> file contains a personal reflection on the iteration and self-evaluation, as defined above.
- [X] B-2: The playable game is published to GitHub Pages and linked from the <code>README.md</code> file.
- [ ] B-3: The source code and project structure comply with our adopted style guides.
- [X] B-4: There is a sprite element in the level that the player can interact with, such as a collectible, an enemy, a book, or a switch.
- [X] B-5: The camera follows the character through a world that is larger than one screen.
- [X] A-1: Earn one star
- [X] ⭐ Animate the main character using either <code>AnimatedSprite</code> or cutout animation
- [X] ⭐ Include parallax scrolling in the background.
- [X] ⭐ Include tiles that can be passed in one direction, such as being able to jump up through a tile and land atop it.

## Third-Part Assets
The tiles and player animations are from (Creative Commons Zero,CC0) http://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0/ This content is free to use in personal, educational and commercial projects. Support us by crediting Kenney or www.kenney.nl (this is not mandatory)

The letters on the win screen are from (CC0) http://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0/ You may use these graphics in personal and commercial projects. Credit (Kenney or www.kenney.nl) would be nice but is not mandatory.

Commit message:

Refromatted Code To Fit Adopted Style Guide

README.md, after:

# P2-MoonRun
A 2D platformer game by Logan Summers

This project is based on the requirements of my game programming class.

https://bsu-cs315.github.io/P2-MoonRun/

# Instructions For The Game
Use the "Left" and "Right" arrow keys to move left and right. Use the "Spacebar" to jump and the "Down" arrow to crouch. Grab the coin and reach the flag!

## Project Report
The beggining of this project turned out to be so much easier than the previous project. This is majorly due to already having the knowledge needed to get all of the basics set up. That being said, I still had troubles here and there. The main one that I ran into was making sure I reformatted my code correctly to fit the adopted style guide. Im very excited to see what more I can do with this project in the next iteration.

- [ ] D-1: The repository link is submitted to Canvas before the project deadline.
- [X] D-2: The repository contains a <code>README.md</code> file in its top-level directory.
- [X] D-3: The project content is eligible for an <a href="https://www.esrb.org/ratings-guide/">ESRB Rating</a> of M or less.
- [X] C-1: Your repository is well-formed, with an appropriate <code>.gitignore</code> file and no unnecessary files tracked.
- [ ] C-2: Your release is tagged using <a href="https://semver.org/">semantic versioning</a> where the major version is zero, the minor version is the iteration number, and the patch version is incremented as usual for each change made to the minor version, and the release name matches the release tag.
- [X] C-3: You have a clear legal right to use all incorporated assets, and the licenses for all third-party assets are tracked in the <code>README.md</code> file.
- [X] C-4: The <code>README.md</code> contains instructions for how to play the game or such instructions are incorporated into the game itself.
- [X] C-5: The project content is eligible for an <a href="https://www.esrb.org/ratings-guide/">ESRB Rating</a> of T or less.
- [X] C-6: The game includes a player-controlled character, implemented as a <code>KinematicBody</code> and positioned in a conventional, <code>TileMap</code>-based, 2D-platforming world.
- [X] C-7: The player's character can move left and right, with its movement bounded by impassable tiles.
- [X] C-8: The player's character can jump up and onto tiles.
- [X] C-9: The player's character falls down when walking off a ledge.
- [X] B-1: The <code>README.md</code> file contains a personal reflection on the iteration and self-evaluation, as defined above.
- [X] B-2: The playable game is published to GitHub Pages and linked from the <code>README.md</code> file.
- [X] B-3: The source code and project structure comply with our adopted style guides.
- [X] B-4: There is a sprite element in the level that the player can interact with, such as a collectible, an enemy, a book, or a switch.
- [X] B-5: The camera follows the character through a world that is larger than one screen.
- [X] A-1: Earn one star
- [X] ⭐ Animate the main character using either <code>AnimatedSprite</code> or cutout animation
- [X] ⭐ Include parallax scrolling in the background.
- [X] ⭐ Include tiles that can be passed in one direction, such as being able to jump up through a tile and land atop it.

## Third-Part Assets
The tiles, player animations, and coins are from (Creative Commons Zero,CC0) http://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0/ This content is free to use in personal, educational and commercial projects. Support us by crediting Kenney or www.kenney.nl (this is not mandatory)

The letters on the win screen are from (CC0) http://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0/ You may use these graphics in personal and commercial projects. Credit (Kenney or www.kenney.nl) would be nice but is not mandatory.
